editorial: add irc cheat sheet to documentation (#1920)
w3c/aria: documentation/onboarding.md

* add **Channels**, "#aria"

### IRC command cheat sheet
When you first enter the channel, type:
`present+`

Commands anyone can use:
```
q+  (to add yourself to the speaker queue)
q+ to say [what you want to say]  (to add yourself to the speaker queue with reminder message)

> ack me  (take me off the q; or can use q-)

Reviewer: q- and ack are not the same in the minutes especially if you used q+ to say version. You should use ack if you are acknowledged and q- if you just want to not speak any more

ack ja  (take james off the q; or can use q- ja)
q?  (to find out if anyone is on the q)

> 

Reviewer: should we add info about advanced queueing.... 
qq+ (add to front of queue - normally used to react to the current speaker)
q- later (move to end of the queue)
q+ later (add to queue a 2nd time often used if you want to react to something but also have another point to make)
If not we could just point to https://www.w3.org/2001/12/zakim-irc-bot.html#speakerqueue

s/old text/new text/  (to replace something that was typed. Make sure "old text" is unique)
s/old text//  (to delete "old text")

/me message  (sends message to channel without adding to minutes. Adds * prefix, i.e.)
* joanie says Zakim is named after a bridge in Boston and pronounced Zay come
```

These are the commands to set up a meeting
```

> meeting: ARIA WG
> chair: JamesNurthen
> agenda?  (to list the agenda items - chair usually enters agenda using `agenda+ item`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/invite zakim
zakim, start meeting
agendabot, find agenda
meeting: ARIA WG
chair: JamesNurthen
agenda?  (to list the agenda items - chair usually enters agenda using `agenda+ item`)
```

```

Scribing commands used during the call:
```
scribe: [your nickname]
zakim, next item
zakim, close this item   (might need this if we try to move to the next item too soon)
zakim, take up item 6   (might need this to go directly to a specific item)

> action: name - sentence about action item  (we only rarely add action items)

Reviewer: I think trackbot is being obsoleted so this will go away

topic: topic name  (ARIA WG doesn't use this, but APG does)
github: [github issue url]  (adds current topic discussion to github issue)
agenda+ [topic to add to agenda]
```

> When scribing conversation, tab key will (usually) complete the person's name after 2 or 3 letters, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When scribing conversation, tab key will (if the user is in IRC and your IRC client supports this) complete the person's name after 2 or 3 letters, for example:
```

```
ja[tab] completes to jamesn: 
jc[tab] completes to jcraig: 
```

Scribing commands used at the end of the call to prepare the minutes:
```
zakim, who is on the call?  (list of everybody who typed present+)
zakim, who is here?  (list of everyone on IRC, even those who forgot to type present+, and some who never log off)
present+ name  (if anyone who was on the call is missing from the list)
regrets+ name  (for anyone who sent regrets)

> rrsagent, make minutes

Reviewer 2: @jnurthen introduced me to `zakim, end meeting` which triggered rssagent as well. Maybe that's better to use as default instructions; we could mention `rssagent` as fallback when there was additional chat after `end meeting`

Reviewer: yes - re-running rrsagent is still useful to know if you need to fix the present list or perform other corrections.

Reviewer: can probably drop the other zakim commands as end meeting executes them anyway
